Problem



Vida says she's part Elf: that at least one of her ancestors was an
Elf. But she doesn't know if it was a parent (1 generation ago), a
grandparent (2 generations ago), or someone from even more generations
ago. Help her out!



Being part Elf works the way you probably expect. People who are
Elves, Humans and part-Elves are all created in the same way: two
parents get together and have a baby. If one parent is A/B Elf, and
the other parent is C/D Elf, then their baby will be (A/B + C/D) / 2
Elf. For example, if someone who is 0/1 Elf and someone who is 1/2 Elf
have a baby, that baby will be 1/4 Elf.



Vida is certain about one thing: 40 generations ago, she had 240
different ancestors, and each one of them was 1/1 Elf or 0/1 Elf.



Vida says she's P/Q Elf. Tell her what is the minimum number of
generations ago that there could have been a 1/1 Elf in her family. If
it is not possible for her to be P/Q Elf, tell her that she must be
wrong!



Input



The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, T. T lines
follow. Each contains a fraction of the form P/Q, where P and Q are
integers.



Output



For each test case, output one line containing "Case #x: y", where x
is the test case number (starting from 1) and y is the minimum number
of generations ago a 1/1 Elf in her family could have been if she is
P/Q Elf. If it's impossible that Vida could be P/Q Elf, y should be
the string "impossible" (without the quotes).



Limits



1 ≤ T ≤ 100.

Small dataset



1 ≤ P < Q ≤ 1000.

P and Q have no common factors. That means P/Q is a fraction in lowest
terms.

Large dataset



1 ≤ P < Q ≤ 1012.

P and Q may have common factors. P/Q is not guaranteed to be a
fraction in lowest terms.

0 1
0 1/2 1
0 1/4 1/2 3/4 1
0 1/8 1/4 3/8 1/2 5/8 6/8 7/8 8/8

1 1/2
0 3/4
0 3/8
3/16

1 1/2
1 3/4
1 7/8
15/16

